Here are the general steps you can follow to achieve the tasks you mentioned:

Creating a real database in SQL with primary and foreign keys:
a. Choose a suitable SQL database management system, such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, or SQLite.

b. Install the database system on your computer or a server.

c. Use a SQL client or an integrated development environment (IDE) to connect to the database server.

d. Create a new database using SQL commands such as CREATE DATABASE dbname;.

e. Define tables in the database using SQL commands such as CREATE TABLE tablename (column1 datatype, column2 datatype, PRIMARY KEY (column1), FOREIGN KEY (column2) REFERENCES othertable(column));.

Connecting the database with Golang:
a. Install the appropriate SQL driver for Golang, such as go-sql-driver/mysql or lib/pq.

b. Import the SQL driver package in your Golang code.

c. Use the sql.Open() function to create a connection to the database server.

d. Use SQL commands such as CREATE TABLE and INSERT INTO to create tables and insert data into them.

e. Use SQL commands such as SELECT and JOIN to query data from the database.

Accessing the database from multiple devices:
a. Make sure the database server is accessible from all the devices that need to access it.

b. Use a network protocol such as TCP/IP or HTTP to communicate with the database server.

c. Use authentication and authorization mechanisms to ensure that only authorized users can access the database.

Creating a GUI for the database:
a. Choose a suitable GUI framework for Golang, such as Qt or Go-GTK.

b. Create a graphical user interface using the chosen framework.

c. Use the SQL commands and Golang code to interact with the database and display data in the GUI.

d. Use event handlers and callbacks to respond to user input and update the database as needed.

These are general steps, and the exact details may depend on the specific database system, SQL driver, network setup, and GUI framework you choose. You may need to consult the documentation and tutorials for these tools to get started.
